content/authors/postolache/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Emilian Postolache

first_name: "Emilian"
last_name: "Postolache"

status:
  icon: ""

user_groups:
  - PhD Students

superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Department of Computer Science

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: Sapienza, University of Rome
    url: https://www.uniroma1.it/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: ""

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Generative models
  - Signal processing
  - Source separation

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: '/#contact'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
    label: Follow me on Twitter

  - icon: graduation-cap # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/gcushen
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/
  # Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
  # To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.yaml`,
  # and uncomment the lines below.
#   - icon: cv
#     icon_pack: ai
#     link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ''

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: false
---


{style="text-align: justify;"}

Commit message:

Updated links and Bio Postolache

content/authors/postolache/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Emilian Postolache

first_name: "Emilian"
last_name: "Postolache"

status:
  icon: ""

user_groups:
  - PhD Students

superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Department of Computer Science

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: Sapienza, University of Rome
    url: https://www.uniroma1.it/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: "Music Mind Maven"

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Generative models
  - Signal processing
  - Source separation

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: '/#contact'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/EmilianPostola1
    label: Follow me on Twitter
  - icon: graduation-cap # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=UoVX7gUAAAAJ
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/EmilianPostolache
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/emilian-postolache/
  # Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
  # To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.yaml`,
  # and uncomment the lines below.
#   - icon: cv
#     icon_pack: ai
#     link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: 'postolache@di.uniroma1.it'

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: false
---
> I am a researcher with interest in the fields of generative models and audio processing and I have a strong track record of developing innovative solutions to complex problems. My work has focused on enabling source separation using latent autoregressive models in VQ-VAE domains, proposing a Bayesian sampling technique based on fully discrete likelihood functions. I pursued an internship at Dolby Laboratories where I improved universal sound separation using adversarial techniques. I have combined my expertise in music generation and source separation to develop a diffusion-based model that can perform both tasks simultaneously. I am committed to pushing the boundaries of what is possible in the field and am eager to continue making impactful contributions.

{style="text-align: justify;"}
