content/publication/mariani-2023-multi/index.md, before:

---
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/managing-content/

title: Multi-Source Diffusion Models for Music Generation and Separation
subtitle: ''
summary: ''
authors:
- mariani
- tallini
- postolache
- mancusi
- cosmo
- rodola
tags: []
categories: []
date: '2023-01-01'
lastmod: 2023-02-06T11:38:52+01:00
featured: false
draft: false
publication_short: ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
publishDate: '2023-02-06T10:38:51.434502Z'
publication_types:
- '1'
abstract: In this work, we define a diffusion-based generative model capable of both
  music synthesis and source separation by learning the score of the joint probability
  density of sources sharing a context. Alongside the classic total inference tasks
  (i.e. generating a mixture, separating the sources), we also introduce and experiment
  on the partial inference task of source imputation, where we generate a subset of
  the sources given the others (e.g., play a piano track that goes well with the drums).
  Additionally, we introduce a novel inference method  for the separation task. We
  train our model on Slakh2100, a standard dataset for musical source separation,
  provide qualitative results in the generation settings, and showcase competitive
  quantitative results in the separation setting. Our method is the first example
  of a single model that can handle both generation and separation tasks, thus representing
  a step toward general audio models.
publication: ''
---

Commit message:

Update publications from Giorgio Mariani (#62)
* Add minor change in Giorgio Mariani's bio

* Update of some publications with Giorgio Mariani as author

In particular, the following will change:
 * Multi Source Diffusion Models for Simultaneous Generation and Separation (mariani-2023-multi)
 * Latent Autoregressive Source Separation (postolache-2023-latent)
 * Generating Adversarial Surfaces via Band-limited Perturbations (mariani-2020-generating)
 * Unsupervised Source Separation via Bayesian Inference in the Latent Domain (mancusi-2021-unsupervised)

content/publication/mariani-2023-multi/index.md, after:

---
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/managing-content/

title: Multi-Source Diffusion Models for Simultaneous Music Generation and Separation
subtitle: ''
summary: ''
authors:
- mariani
- tallini
- postolache
- mancusi
- cosmo
- rodola
tags:
- Signal Processing
- Audio Generation
- Source Separation
categories: []
date: '2023-01-01'
lastmod: 2023-02-20T18:52:41+01:00
featured: false
draft: false

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
publishDate: '2023-02-20T17:52:41.136745Z'
publication_types:
- '3'
abstract: 'In this work, we define a diffusion-based generative model capable of both music synthesis and source separation by learning the score of the joint probability density of sources sharing a context. Alongside the classic total inference tasks (i.e. generating a mixture, separating the sources), we also introduce and experiment on the partial inference task of source imputation, where we generate a subset of the sources given the others (e.g., play a piano track that goes well with the drums). Additionally, we introduce a novel inference method for the separation task. We train our model on Slakh2100, a standard dataset for musical source separation, provide qualitative results in the generation settings, and showcase competitive quantitative results in the separation setting. Our method is the first example of a single model that can handle both generation and separation tasks, thus representing a step toward general audio models.'
publication: '*arXiv*'
doi: 10.48550/ARXIV.2302.02257
links:
- name: 'arXiv'
  url: https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.02257
- name: GitHub
  url: https://github.com/gladia-research-group/multi-source-diffusion-models
---
