content/publication/mariani-2020-generating/index.md, before:

---
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/managing-content/

title: Generating Adversarial Surfaces via Band-Limited Perturbations
subtitle: ''
summary: ''
authors:
- mariani
- cosmo
- Michael Bronstein
- rodola
tags: []
categories: []
date: '2020-01-01'
lastmod: 2023-02-06T11:38:52+01:00
featured: false
draft: false
publication_short: ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
publishDate: '2023-02-06T10:38:52.100204Z'
publication_types:
- '2'
abstract: ''
publication: '*Comput. Graph. Forum*'
doi: 10.1111/cgf.14083
links:
- name: URL
  url: https://doi.org/10.1111/cgf.14083
---

Commit message:

Update of some publications with Giorgio Mariani as author
In particular, the following will change:
 * Multi Source Diffusion Models for Simultaneous Generation and Separation (mariani-2023-multi)
 * Latent Autoregressive Source Separation (postolache-2023-latent)
 * Generating Adversarial Surfaces via Band-limited Perturbations (mariani-2020-generating)
 * Unsupervised Source Separation via Bayesian Inference in the Latent Domain (mancusi-2021-unsupervised)

content/publication/mariani-2020-generating/index.md, after:

---
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/managing-content/

title: Generating Adversarial Surfaces via Band-Limited Perturbations
subtitle: ''
summary: ''
authors:
 - mariani
 - cosmo
 - Alex M. Bronstein
 - rodola
tags:
- Adversarial Examples
- Shape analysis
categories: []
date: '2020-01-01'
lastmod: 2023-02-20T18:52:41+01:00
featured: false
draft: false

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
publishDate: '2023-02-20T17:52:41.298080Z'
publication_types:
- '2'
abstract: 'Adversarial attacks have demonstrated remarkable efficacy in altering
  the output of a learning model by applying a minimal perturbation to the input data.
  While increasing attention has been placed on the image domain, however, the study
  of adversarial perturbations for geometric data has been notably lagging behind.
  In this paper, we show that effective adversarial attacks can be concocted for surfaces
  embedded in 3D, under weak smoothness assumptions on the perceptibility of the attack.
  We address the case of deformable 3D shapes in particular, and introduce a general
  model that is not tailored to any specific surface representation, nor does it assume
  access to a parametric description of the 3D object. In this context, we consider
  targeted and untargeted variants of the attack, demonstrating compelling results
  in either case. We further show how discovering adversarial examples, and then using
  them for adversarial training, leads to an increase in both robustness and accuracy.
  Our findings are confirmed empirically over multiple datasets spanning different
  semantic classes and deformations.'
publication: '*Computer Graphics Forum*'
doi: https://doi.org/10.1111/cgf.14083
links:
- name: URL
  url: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/cgf.14083
- name: GitHub
  url: https://github.com/giorgio-mariani/Adversarial-Surfaces-via-Band-Limited-Perturbations
---
