content/authors/tallini/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Irene Tallini

first_name: "Irene"
last_name: "Tallini"

status:
  icon: ""

user_groups:
  - PhD Students

superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Department of Computer Science

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: Sapienza, University of Rome
    url: https://www.uniroma1.it/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: ""

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Artificial Intelligence
  - Geometry Processing
  - Geometric Deep Learning

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: '/#contact'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
    label: Follow me on Twitter

  - icon: graduation-cap # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/gcushen
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/
  # Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
  # To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.yaml`,
  # and uncomment the lines below.
#   - icon: cv
#     icon_pack: ai
#     link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ''

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: false
---


{style="text-align: justify;"}

Commit message:

add bio and links tallini (#14)

content/authors/tallini/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Irene Tallini

first_name: "Irene"
last_name: "Tallini"

status:
  icon: ""

user_groups:
  - PhD Students

superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Department of Computer Science

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: Sapienza, University of Rome
    url: https://www.uniroma1.it/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: >
    I'm a Computer Science PhD Math Bachelor and passion. Right now I'm working on AI for Music.
    I like to sing, also.

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Artificial Intelligence
  - AI for Music

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: '/#contact'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/irenetall25
    label: Follow me on Twitter

  - icon: graduation-cap # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=C1WjSW0AAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/IreneTallini
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: www.linkedin.com/in/irene-tallini-4a9908169
  # Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
  # To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.yaml`,
  # and uncomment the lines below.
#   - icon: cv
#     icon_pack: ai
#     link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: 'tallini@di.uniroma1.it'

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: false
---
I am a Ph.D. student in Computer Science at Sapienza, University of Rome, where I am part of the GLADIA research group, led by prof. Emanuele Rodolà.

My research interest at the moment focus on Artificial Intelligence for Music. The aspect I like most about research is seeing the generalization and ordering power of math in action, thus its ability to unify seemingly different things and to separate different causes and consequences.

{style="text-align: justify;"}
