content/authors/norelli/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Antonio Norelli

first_name: "Antonio"
last_name: "Norelli"

status:
  icon: ""

user_groups:
  - PhD Students

superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Department of Computer Science

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: Sapienza, University of Rome
    url: https://www.uniroma1.it/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: ""

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Artificial Intelligence
  - Geometry Processing
  - Geometric Deep Learning

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: '/#contact'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
    label: Follow me on Twitter

  - icon: graduation-cap # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/gcushen
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/
  # Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
  # To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.yaml`,
  # and uncomment the lines below.
#   - icon: cv
#     icon_pack: ai
#     link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ''

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---


{style="text-align: justify;"}

Commit message:

Update _index.md Antonio Norelli (#4)
* Update _index.md

* Update _index.md

---------

Co-authored-by: crisostomi <51738205+crisostomi@users.noreply.github.com>

content/authors/norelli/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Antonio Norelli

first_name: "Antonio"
last_name: "Norelli"

status:
  icon: ""

user_groups:
  - PhD Students

superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Department of Computer Science

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: Sapienza, University of Rome
    url: https://www.uniroma1.it/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: ""

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Artificial Intelligence
  - Deep Learning
  - Language Emergence
  - Explanatory Learning
  - Artificial Scientific Discovery

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: 'norelli at di dot uniroma1 dot it'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/noranta4
    label: Follow me on Twitter

  - icon: graduation-cap # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=ADH8YWEAAAAJ
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/noranta4
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/antonio-norelli-28862b41/
  # Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
  # To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.yaml`,
  # and uncomment the lines below.
#   - icon: cv
#     icon_pack: ai
#     link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ''

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---
I am Antonio Norelli, a Computer Science PhD student at the Sapienza University of Rome working on AI and deep learning in the GLADIA research group, advised by Emanuele Rodolà.

Before joining the group, I studied physics (BSc), computer science (MSc), and pursued the SSAS interdisciplinary honors program. I worked as a remote Research Intern for Spiketrap (San Francisco, CA), and as an Applied Scientist Intern for the Amazon Lablet in Tübingen (Germany).

{style="text-align: justify;"}
