content/publication/cvpr-21/index.md, before:

---
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/managing-content/

title: Universal Spectral Adversarial Attacks for Deformable Shapes
subtitle: ''
summary: ''
authors:
- rampini
- Franco Pestarini
- cosmo
- melzi
- rodola
tags: []
categories: []
date: '2021-06-01'
lastmod: 2023-02-02T06:54:29+01:00
featured: false
draft: false
publication_short: "CVPR 2021"

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
publishDate: '2023-02-02T05:54:28.772029Z'
publication_types:
- '1'
abstract: 'Machine learning models are known to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks, namely perturbations of the data that lead to wrong predictions despite being imperceptible. However, the existence of “universal” attacks (i.e., unique perturbations that transfer across different data points) has only been demonstrated for images to date. Part of the reason lies in the lack of a common domain, for geometric data such as graphs, meshes, and point clouds, where a universal perturbation can be defined. In this paper, we offer a change in perspective and demonstrate the existence of universal attacks for geometric data (shapes). We introduce a computational procedure that operates entirely in the spectral domain, where the attacks take the form of small perturbations to short eigenvalue sequences; the resulting geometry is then synthesized via shape-from-spectrum recovery. Our attacks are universal, in that they transfer across different shapes, different representations (meshes and point clouds), and generalize to previously unseen data.'
publication: "*Proc. Int'l Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)*"

links:
- name: URL
  url: https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/html/Rampini_Universal_Spectral_Adversarial_Attacks_for_Deformable_Shapes_CVPR_2021_paper.html
- name: PDF
  url: https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Rampini_Universal_Spectral_Adversarial_Attacks_for_Deformable_Shapes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
- name: GitHub
  url: https://github.com/AriannaRampini/SpectralAdversarialAttacks
---

Commit message:

removed all dois; added URL icons; added github icons

content/publication/cvpr-21/index.md, after:

---
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/managing-content/

title: Universal Spectral Adversarial Attacks for Deformable Shapes
subtitle: ''
summary: ''
authors:
- rampini
- Franco Pestarini
- cosmo
- melzi
- rodola
tags: []
categories: []
date: '2021-06-01'
lastmod: 2023-02-02T06:54:29+01:00
featured: false
draft: false
publication_short: "CVPR 2021"

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
publishDate: '2023-02-02T05:54:28.772029Z'
publication_types:
- '1'
abstract: "Machine learning models are known to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks, namely perturbations of the data that lead to wrong predictions despite being imperceptible. However, the existence of 'universal' attacks (i.e., unique perturbations that transfer across different data points) has only been demonstrated for images to date. Part of the reason lies in the lack of a common domain, for geometric data such as graphs, meshes, and point clouds, where a universal perturbation can be defined. In this paper, we offer a change in perspective and demonstrate the existence of universal attacks for geometric data (shapes). We introduce a computational procedure that operates entirely in the spectral domain, where the attacks take the form of small perturbations to short eigenvalue sequences; the resulting geometry is then synthesized via shape-from-spectrum recovery. Our attacks are universal, in that they transfer across different shapes, different representations (meshes and point clouds), and generalize to previously unseen data."
publication: "*Proc. Int'l Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)*"

links:
- icon: link
  icon_pack: fas
  name: 'URL'
  url: https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/html/Rampini_Universal_Spectral_Adversarial_Attacks_for_Deformable_Shapes_CVPR_2021_paper.html
- name: PDF
  url: https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Rampini_Universal_Spectral_Adversarial_Attacks_for_Deformable_Shapes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  name: 'GitHub'
  url: https://github.com/AriannaRampini/SpectralAdversarialAttacks
---
