content/publication/maggioli-2022-newton/index.md, before:

---
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/managing-content/

title: Newton’s Fractals on Surfaces via Bicomplex Algebra
subtitle: ''
summary: ''
authors:
- maggioli
- baieri
- melzi
- rodola
tags: []
categories: []
date: '2022-01-01'
lastmod: 2023-02-08T16:41:54+01:00
featured: false
draft: false
publication_short: ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
publishDate: '2023-02-08T15:41:54.143691Z'
publication_types:
- '6'
abstract: ''
publication: '*ACM SIGGRAPH 2022 Posters*'
---

Commit message:

maggioli bio and publications (#66)
* maggioli bio and publications

* fixed maggioli-2022-newton

* renamed URL to PDF

* added shorts, tags and summary

content/publication/maggioli-2022-newton/index.md, after:

---
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/managing-content/

title: Newton’s Fractals on Surfaces via Bicomplex Algebra
subtitle: ''
summary: 'An algorithm that exploits features of the bicomplex field to compute 4-dimensional Newton fractals for procedural texturing applications. The generated fractals are computed in a pixel shader only on the target surface to achieve real-time performance.'
authors:
- maggioli
- baieri
- melzi
- rodola
tags: []
categories: ["Procedural Texturing", "GPU Computing"]
date: '2022-01-01'
lastmod: 2023-02-08T16:41:54+01:00
featured: false
draft: false
publication_short: "SIGGRAPH 2022"

links:
- name: PDF
  url: https://boa.unimib.it/retrieve/e33ba34f-cb44-4685-a5ca-97ecf89917fa/Maggioli-2022-SIGGA-VoR.pdf
- name: GitHub
  url: https://github.com/filthynobleman/newton-fractals

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
publishDate: '2023-02-08T15:41:54.143691Z'
publication_types:
- '6'
abstract: ''
publication: '*ACM SIGGRAPH 2022 Posters*'
abstract: Real-time procedural texturing is becoming more and more important as the need of large variety of contents increases. We propose a new technique that exploits the properties of a 4-dimensional algebraic field for efficiently computing on GPU a procedural texture with fractal properties. The produced pattern are shown to be well suitable in many applications, especially when used as building blocks for complex materials.
---
